♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
♪How come you happen to see me embarrassed?♪
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
=The Love Equations=
(Previously on Episode 26)
Perhaps we're really not
suitable for each other.
Come to have lunch with me.
Just the two of us.
OK.
Fanzhou, why do you suddenly come back?
In my son's mind,
you're more important than himself.
(Episode 27: The Love Circle)
(Have you got up? I am downstairs.)
I'm feeling a little bit unwell
out of a sudden.
No, I can't tell him this.
How should I respond if he keeps asking me
what's wrong with me?
(Have you got up? I am downstairs.)
I'm going to work on my new novel,
so I won't attend the class with you.
Sorry about that.
(I'm going to work on my new novel, so I won't attend
the class with you. Sorry about that.)
(Nancheng Lefang Amusement Park)
Then come down to fetch your breakfast.
Leave it with the dorm keeper.
I will go fetch it later.
You'd better attend the class now.
Don't be late
Madam,
I will put the breakfast here.
It is for Zhou Xiao from Room 415.
Just leave it there.
Thank you so much!
Ling,
cheer up!
Don't worry. I'm fine.
Look,
he is waiting for you.
Wei,
let's go.
Just leave her with her dear one
whom she dare not get close to.
Why are you here?
Do you know what time it is?
Why are you still having the breakfast
I brought you this morning?
The food can't be wasted.
You were afraid to meet me downstairs,
so you didn't come down
to fetch the breakfast, right?
How do you know that?
Since we made up with each other,
you have been avoiding me.
No, I haven't.
I ...
I'm just in a hurry for class.
Let's go.
Where are we heading?
I will attend the class with you.
Why do you want to attend the class with me?
Since you wouldn't accompany me
to attend my class,
I have to accompany you to attend your class.
My class will be quite boring
for you.
It won't.
Just go.
Shall we go to the amusement park
after class?
Why shall we go to the amusement park?
To make up for the fireworks
you missed last time.
Why do you want to make it up to me?
What is the problem?
Let go of my hand.
Just let go of my hand.
Look, they are all laughing at me.
Why are you so obedient?
So agreeable and coordinative?
I will ask for your opinions about everything
in the future.
I only occupied one seat for you.
Maybe I should go sit in the back row.
I can't bear to see anyone show love
in front of me right now.
You don't have to.
I will go there.
You sit here.
Xiao.
You really needn't do this.
Miao, please hand out these to everyone.
This is a Tripartite Agreement.
Please keep it well.
Please return it to your counselor
after it is signed by your employment unit.
Another one is
the questionnaire of employment intention.
Through this, the school wants to investigate
every student's employment intention
in order to facilitate
the arrangement of job fairs.
You need to fill in the forms here
and turn them in once you are finished.
Wei,
since you've secured the postgraduate
recommendation, will you fill it in?
I will fill it in to prepare for the future.
Great!
Do you think it will be late for me
to start preparing
for the postgraduate entrance exam now?
Of course it won't be late.
I suggest you study with me
every day in the coming days.
OK.
Wei.
Wei,
since you have been recommended
to be a postgraduate,
why do you need to keep studying?
Human beings need to keep studying, right?
Yes.
You are right.
Do I need to complete the form?
Just fill it in.
Once you complete it,
you may submit it to your department.
We will get started with our class
after you all finish.
For this class, we will learn
the narrative prose
in the Pre-Qin-Dynasty Period.
In terms of narrative prose
in the Pre-Qin-Dynasty Period,
first of all, I need to introduce
The Book of History
and The Spring and Autumn Annals.
The Book of History is the earliest extant
collection of prose in China.
Originally,
it was the historical documents
of the Xia, Shang and Zhou dynasties,
and it mainly records
the orders,
and speeches of the emperors.
Later it became
one of the Confucian classics.
In the field of literature,
The Book of History
is the symbol
of the formation
of the ancient Chinese prose.
And The Spring and Autumn Annals,
is the first extant
brief dynastic history book in China
written in the annalistic style.
Listen carefully.
It is believed that...
OK.
... the author of The Spring
and Autumn Annals is Confucius,
and its language
is concise and rigorous.
And
simultaneously,
the author's thoughts and intentions
are all contained in the words.
The linguistic characteristic
of making suggestions
and expressing praise or criticism
with a single word
is called
the narrative method
of the Spring and Autumn Annals.
(Preferred Location)
You two can go out for entertainment,
and we will go to the cafeteria.
We will go to the cafeteria as well.
I won't go to the canteen with you
because I will feel upset
whenever seeing couples now.
You...
That's right.
We're leaving.
Then...
Let's go.
Shall we go to the amusement park
this afternoon?
Well, uh...
I will ask Lu if they would like
to go together
as they also missed the fireworks last time.
But I want to go only with you.
Professor.
Let's go.
Let's have the meal outside the campus.
Fanzhou.
Why are you still in the school?
Professor.
I...
Professor,
you also know that we will go
to the amusement park?
Let's go together.
You will go to the amusement park?
Yes.
Professor Hu,
I'm sorry.
Why are you saying sorry suddenly?
Fanzhou asked for a leave from me today,
saying that something has happened
to his family.
Has anything happened to your family?
Nope.
You have made great progress
and even learned to lie
for dating.
It seems that
love can change everything.
It seems that love
can change everything.
This is the so-called change.
We were supposed to go to the amusement park,
but we are cleaning the lab now.
Take a break.
I will do the rest of the work for you.
You should do all the work
because you got me involved into this.
Fine, I won't get you implicated.
Go take a break.
You have been living a happy life
since your childhood.
I was not sure
whether I could give you
such happiness or not back then.
Even if there's a possibility of 0.01%
that I'm unable to give you happiness,
I shouldn't get you implicated
and let you share my burden.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
I'd love to be implicated.
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
Go away! Go!
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
♪If I have to write a song for my youth,♪
♪I'm afraid it's beyond rhetorical flourish.♪
♪It would be a fluctuant melody
about sky and sea...♪
I think
we need to break up.
Sorry?
We need to break up.
Are you hit?
Are you OK?
I am fine.
Let me help you.
No need.
What's wrong with you?
Does it still hurt?
No.
You're lying.
It is bleeding.
How can you say it doesn't hurt?
You bit me.
Why are you crying?
It is because of
you.
Have you finished venting your feelings?
Can you tell me the reason now?
I'm afraid.
I'm afraid you'll break up with me suddenly.
Why do you think so?
You suddenly invited me
to the amusement park,
saying that you will make it up to me.
That is because you were
so upset
failing to watch the fireworks
when we were in the amusement park last time.
Then,
why didn't you
write down
your intended city
on the questionnaire of
employment intentions?
Which city do you want to go?
I leave it blank
because I will go
wherever you go.
So why did you
tell Professor Hu that something had
happened to your family
when you asked a leave from him?
When I asked you,
you turned aside from the topic.
I couldn't tell Professor Hu
I wanted to ask for a leave
because I would take my girlfriend
to the amusement park, could I?
Then,
Then...
Then what?
I'm still afraid you will
break up with me suddenly.
So what should I do
to make you believe me?
I don't know.
Let's go register for marriage, OK?
It is unnecessary
to make such a fuss.
You've
finished with the medicine.
I would go throw out the waste.
You didn't answer my question.
What question?
How do you like getting married?
We are too young
to think about marriage.
We are about to graduate soon
and we should make a plan for our future.
Really?
Could it be possible that
you have never thought about our future?
Yes, I have.
Then tell me about your plan.
Why should I tell you first?
You should tell me first
as you mentioned it first.
After graduation,
whichever city you go for work,
I will take the medical examiner test
of that city.
What will you do if the city does not
recruit any medical examiners?
If the city doesn't recruit
medical examiners,
I will take the exam
of the neighboring cities.
It's not a big deal
to spend more time on the trip.
When one year passes after our graduation,
and our work becomes stable
as well as our income becomes stable,
we can consider
buying a small house for marriage.
From the perspective of infectious diseases,
I'm not going to raise any pets.
But considering you have such interests,
I agree that
you can raise a few cats.
When three years pass after our graduation,
we will buy a bigger house.
By then,
we may consider
giving birth to some babies.
How many should we have?
Just stop.
What's wrong?
I believe you.
You can stop talking now.
You talked
too much suddenly.
It made me scared.
So what's your plan?
I...
I want to be
a famous novelist.
I hope the books written by me
will sell well in both domestic
and overseas market.
If this dream is unable to come true,
I will find a cushy job
so that I can enjoy my life to the end.
Is that all?
Yes.
So what about me?
What about you?
In your plan,
where am I?
You will be written
in my novel.
Don't look at me like this.
As you know,
I'm not good at developing a plan.
We'd better follow your plan.
♪It's a promise made
by warm spring to winter.♪
♪I've never changed what I promised to you.♪
♪It's a novel with plot twists
and a perfect ending.♪
♪It says I'm brave
although I talk foolishly sometimes.♪
Please.
I feel that you may
want to murder me.
I dislike both of you.
Are you trying to murder me?
Absolutely not. Don't move.
Don't move.
Listen to me. Without my hands here,
you must have strangled me.
So loosen your grip.
Believe me.
Humph!
I'm still afraid.
Fine! Fine!
Wei, help me please.
She's almost strangling me.
I can do it well.
Let go of me. Let go of me
Look,
that's how I tied it.
Let me do it. Let me do it.
I can do it, I can do it.
Please stop her.
Don't come over.
I can do it.
I don't believe you.
Hello.
Where have you made it?
Could you please not urge me?
Take time with your makeup.
I'm not urging you.
Just make yourself more beautiful.
Ask Zhou Xiao what she wants
to eat for breakfast.
Fanzhou is asking what Zhou Xiao
wants to eat for breakfast.
Zhou Xiao,
your boyfriend Fanzhou is asking
what dumplings you want to eat.
I like cabbage dumplings.
I'd like chive dumplings.
I'd like cabbage dumplings, too.
Have you heard that?
Yes.
What about you?
What do you want to eat?
Corn dumplings.
OK.
I'm going to hang up. Muah.
You've heard that?
One portion of corn dumplings,
two portions of cabbage dumplings,
and one portion of chive dumplings.
Wait, wait. Wait a moment.
We've arrived. Stop here.
Come on.
Here you are.
I'm leaving.
I'm gonna see my new partner Cai Yasi
to discuss the important matter of my life.
Goodbye!
What's wrong?
Your make-up is too light.
Sit down to refine your make-up.
Right.
Lu, how about you put on the stage make-up?
Right. That'll be good.
Is my makeup light?
Why shall I put on the stage makeup?
You will attend the graduation ceremony.
Besides, you will come onto the stage
to receive the award
conferred on the outstanding graduates.
You must put on the exquisite makeup.
You two
will also receive the awards
for the outstanding graduates,
but you are wearing light makeup.
Luo Wei's grandpa will come.
Her grandpa doesn't want her to wear makeup.
In my case,
makeup won't make me look better.
Hurry to put on the makeup!
Hurry up!
Then I will
apply more mascara?
That's good. Put on more eyeliner.
Apply more eye shadow, too.
Well,
it is getting late.
I will go to the school gate
to wait for my grandpa.
OK.
Just go.
After all, among all of us, Luo Wei's grandpa
is the only family who will attend
our graduation ceremony.
Let's meet in the auditorium later.
OK.
Goodbye!
What are you doing?
Of course I am tying it for you.
Can you do it?
Yes, I really can.
Well,
are you sure your parents won't come?
Yes, I am.
My mom said that I didn't pass
the postgraduate entrance exam
and would go back home
to live with them and work,
so she doesn't want to see me.
She feels vexed upon seeing me.
My parents are both abroad
and can't come back.
How about your parents, Zhou Xiao?
I
haven't told them
there would be the graduation ceremony.
Why?
I have made up with Zhao Fanzhou.
But they still don't know it.
You two have been back in love for long.
Why haven't you told them?
I want to save trouble.
Moreover,
based on my dad's temperament,
he will definitely scold me when he knows it.
If you handle it this way,
they will smell a rat
and find it out sooner or later.
I can't care so much.
I will hide it from them
for as long as possible.
Why are you tying it
in the way of wrapping a gift?
The more you look like a gift,
the better things will be.
Redo it.
No, I won't.
Are you sure there will be no problem?
This will be the shiny moments of my life.
Nothing can be allowed to go wrong.
Don't worry.
I can handle your business in two minutes.
Are you sure?
Of course I am.
Mr. and Mrs. Zhou, nice to see you!
-Yasi. -Yasi.
Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Zhou.
Hello! Hello!
Mr. and Mrs. Zhou,
have you caught sight of my parents
on your way here?
Haven't your parents gone to celebrate
your grandpa's birthday?
Why haven't they told you?
I don't know.
Well,
your parents might not
want to make you angry.
I am waiting for them at the school gate.
How can I not be angry?
Well,
that's why your parents
asked you to wait for us.
They said that you could show us the way
at the same time.
Yes. Right.
Well,
how could your parents be so shaky?
You won't be the same, will you?
How can you say his parents are shaky?
My daughter Zhou Xiao is a real shaky person.
She is so flakey
that she failed to remember
when the graduation ceremony would be held.
Right?
Mr. and Mrs. Zhou,
you are Zhou Xiao's parents, right?
Yes.
Zhou Xiao lives in the same dorm
with my girlfriend.
Really?
What a coincidence!
The bigger coincidence is that
Zhou Xiao's boyfriend Zhao Fanzhou
is my roommate.
I beg your pardon?
Haven't they broken up with each other?
Yes.
But they have got back together,
haven't they?
Stop talking!
Mr. and Mrs. Zhou,
I, I have left my laptop in the dorm.
I must go back to fetch it.
Yasi, stop!
Make it clear to me!
Tell me the truth!
Zhou! Zhou!
Where are you going?
What shall we eat?
I don't know.
Don't always think about food.
Try to lose some weight.
Sorry!
Chop-chop!
Did it get dirty?
Someone trod on my trencher cap.
How can you blame me for this?
Fang Wei.
The ceremony is about to commence.
Where are you going?
It has been a long time.
Let's go.
The ceremony is about to kick off.
You go in first.
I will have a chat with him.
All right.
Yes, it has been a long time.
How have you been recently?
The same as usual.
I heard that you passed the postgraduate
entrance exam of Haicheng University.
Congratulations to you!
It is Haicheng University.
Even Luo Wei dare not aim at it.
Thank you!
I heard that
you didn't pass
the postgraduate entrance exam.
It doesn't matter.
You don't need to put on
such a sympathetic face.
It is quite normal for me
to fail in the postgraduate entrance exam.
I couldn't persist in my study.
It would be odd if I passed the exam.
Well,
if you still want to take the exam next year,
I can tutor you.
No need.
It is not my aspiration.
I took the postgraduate entrance
exam back then
in order to hold my head high
in front of you.
However,
I have thought it through.
I don't need to prove myself to you.
Tao Ling,
I am sorry!
That's all right.
I have already forgiven you.
And you don't need to take it to heart.
I have got over you.
They are waiting for me.
I will go join them.
Happy graduation!
(Nanfang University
2020 Graduation & Degree Awarding Ceremony)
Grandpa, you look so young.
Yes.
Grandpa,
let's hurry to take a selfie.
I will apply the maximal retouching.
I promise you will look like
a little fresh meat in the photo.
What is a little fresh meat?
Grandpa,
a man as young and handsome as you
is called a little fresh meat.
Yes. Let's take a photo.
Wei,
your classmate is so amusing.
Come on! Give it to me.
Come on!
Get closer!
I have sent the picture to your father.
Well,
Mrs. Zhao, why hasn't Mr. Zhao come?
I hid it from him on purpose.
He is not qualified to come.
Why are you so serious?
Be happy!
Good one.
You'd better hug her.
Come on. Hug her. Stay closer.
Get closer.
Good!
One more photo.
I will take another photo.
Don't be angry.
Good! Get closer.
Zhou Xiao!
Dad!
Mom!
Why are you here?
Come, follow me.
Hurry to go out.
Your dad is really angry this time.
Get moving.
Chop-chop.
Excuse us.
Fanzhou,
they don't seem to like you.
Dad,
I...
Zhao Fanzhou...
I don't give my consent
to your love relationship with Zhao Fanzhou.
Let her speak her mind first.
Maybe
she has her own reasons.
What reasons?
She has been bed-ridden at home for the whole
winter holiday due to heartbreak.
Who has ever given me some reasons?
Don't say such things.
It will make her so sad.
Sad?
My daughter is always full of vitality.
But she has remained bed-ridden at home
for one month, crying in secret.
That has made me so sad.
I dare not scold her.
I dare not ask her about the reasons.
I felt as if a knife was piercing my heart.
Do you know how sad I was?
Dad,
I am sorry!
Say nothing more.
I have only one requirement for you.
I want you to break up with him.
Dad.
Don't act in such a manner.
Talk about it in a proper way.
Just listen to her explanation.
Hello!
Mrs. Zhao.
OK.
I got it.
Dad.
Mom.
Zhao Fanzhou's mom
would like to have a talk with you.
OK. OK.
Dear
graduates of 2020,
hello!
You are on the point
of completing your studies
in Nanfang University
and will embark on
a new journey.
I feel very honored to stand here.
Today,
on behalf of our university,
I give our best wishes
to all of you.
I hope you'll have a bright future...
Are you ready?
... and make more achievements
in the coming days.
Yes, I am.
During your past few years in NFU...
Are you sure?
There is no chance of an error, you know?
Of course.
... you've won honor and distinction
for the university.
Where has Fanzhou gone?
I am very honored that you...
Where is Zhao Fanzhou?
It is a very important moment of my life.
He must be present.
... the most outstanding graduates
in NFU history.
I don't know.
Especially there's a student among you
who has been elected by the national team
and will attend...
Stop looking for him.
... the World Junior Team Badminton
Championships.
He is Xie Yixing from the Department
of Physical Education.
He will go abroad
-and win honor for our country.
-You are being mentioned.
You feel hot?
Yes.
Since it's hot,
you'd better take a rest
before going on crying.
How could you talk like
an unconcerned person?
Are you human?
You are venting your anger on me.
I am venting my anger on you?
If I am, what's wrong with that?
Are you thinking that
this doesn't concern you?
Then I am telling you
that you caused all this.
It is you! You are the wrongdoer.
For the next,
I'd like to invite
the representative
of the outstanding graduates,
Xie Yixing,
to come onto the stage to give us a speech.
Don't get nervous. I believe you can do it.
That's not the reason for me to be nervous.
I will give you a surprise in a while.
Go get it!
Respectable teachers,
family and friends,
guests
and schoolmates,
good morning!
If you hadn't dumped me suddenly,
I wouldn't be so sad, right?
No.
I didn't know that when I was sad,
my dad was sad for me, too.
Don't you think you have been very bad?
Yes, I have been bad.
You said I vented my anger on you?
Did I vent my anger on you?
Yes, you did.
No, you didn't.
You should say sorry to my dad,
shouldn't you?
Yes, I should.
I'll beat you to death!
It is you! You are the wrongdoer.
This is the end
of my speech!
Thank you all!
Here
I am earnestly requesting you
to give me another ten minutes
and to witness
the most important moment of my life.
What is he intending to do?
Xie Yixing.
Hello!
One, two, three.
The microphone stopped working.
Just do it without it.
Bro,
kneel on one knee.
Zhu Lu.
Lu,
rise to your feet.
Rise to your feet.
Zhu Lu,
I want to tell you that
I am happy to be in love with you.
I,
I have opened a gym.
Congratulations to you!
No! No! No!
I, I didn't mean that.
What I want to say is that
I have been making preparations.
I want to give you a future.
So I want to ask you
whe-whether
whe-whether...
Security guards!
Di-Di-Director Liu.
Don't.
Catch him!
Lu, can you?
What is wrong
with the graduates of this year?
Lu,
get married with me!
Get married with me!
Lu,
let's get married upon graduation!
Lu!
Get married with me!
Lu,
get married with me!
Get married with me!
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
What is wrong with this batch of students?
They caused trouble at the entrance ceremony.
And now they are causing trouble
at the graduation ceremony.
Cai Yasi,
it's you again!
I am carrying it through to the end.
♪... a sweet love story.♪
Tell me,
do you think Xie Yixing
will succeed in proposal?
I don't know.
You are so indifferent.
You don't care about your friend at all.
Now I only care about
how is my mom doing
in her talk with your parents.
Right.
If their talk didn't go on smoothly,
would we have to break up?
We won't. We won't.
We
will elope.
We will rove...
We will
rove all over the world and live a free life.
♪... we make a sweet love story.♪
Dad.
About your affair,
just now, Mengjun has explained
the situation to us in details.
It was a special situation.
We can understand.
We can accept, right?
I
can understand,
but I don't accept.
Fanzhou.
Hurry up!
Mr. and Mrs. Zhou,
I am sorry!
It is my fault.
Could you please
give me another chance?
Right. Please give him another chance.
OK. OK.
Yes.
I need more time
to think about it.
What do you need to think about?
What time do you think it is now?
I am starved.
Let's go have a meal.
Right. Right.
I must treat you to this meal.
You don't need to.
Let Zhou treat us to the meal. He has money.
Let's go have the meal.
Let's go. Let's go.
Mengjun,
I have to admit that
what you did just now
was really a good strategy.
My husband Zhenguo
has been convinced right away.
What strategy?
It is a strategy frequently used by you
to deal with your father.
It is weaponizing tears.
Right.
As a matter of fact,
while I was talking at that time,
I was really very sad.
Sorry to have let you see that.
You don't need to say sorry.
It is normal for a person to cry.
Yes.
Crying can do us good.
Hmm.
Stop laughing.
Listen to me.
After you graduate,
you should come back to stay with us
for a period of time
to please your dad.
He is still angry.
Right. Right. Cotton up to him.
OK. No problem.
Zhenguo.
Come here.
Come here. Come here.
I want to talk with you about something.
Mr. Zhou,
I have talked it over with Lijuan.
Since you have come here,
could you stay for a few more days?
We are planning to buy the matrimonial home
for our children.
If you are here,
we can go see the houses
and exchange opinions.
I know nothing about house.
OK! OK! OK!
Good!
How is it?
Eh, well,
what you said is quite right.
It is very difficult for people
to buy ideal houses nowadays.
The real estate developers are too shrewd.
My husband knows how to buy a house.
That's wonderful!
To be honest with you,
we have set aside
a sum of money for Zhou Xiao.
Thus,
we can pay for the house together with you.
We shall buy a big one
so that they need not buy another later.
OK. OK!
Shall we...
What matrimonial home? So funny!
Then,
shall we go to see the houses tomorrow?
OK. Good idea!
Let's go to see the houses tomorrow.
Do you know what they are talking about?
No, I don't.
You don't know?
If you are so eager to know,
you can go ask them.
Hurry up!
Don't walk so slowly.
OK, Mr. Zhou!
Hey, it's me.
Stop calling me,
or my phone will be out of juice again.
The time for the Student Union
to pick you up was an hour ago.
I'm sorry to have kept you waiting.
How about I treat you to a drink?
There is no need. Let's go.
Wait a second.
But I am hungry.
I haven't eaten anything since I left home.
Could you please wait for me
to buy any food before we go?
Stop calling.
Hurry to go.
Lu is urging me a lot.
Recently, she has been planning
the Post-Life Age Exhibition.
If I was late,
she would kill me
and have my body stuffed
to put it on display.
What strange things
does Zhou Xiao have on her mind?
Zhao Fanzhou,
what are you thinking about?
Shake a leg!
We are almost late.
Sometimes, her imagination is so wild
that I don't know
what comments I should make.
Don't come near.
Since you joined the Detective Club,
you have felt weird to me.
Are you...
Am I what?
Are you plotting to overthrow me
and become the Detective Club's president?
I'm telling you,
that's not going to happen!
The silly things she did...
Masterpieces of world literature?
Stop watching it.
I didn't see the first part clearly.
Wait a moment.
Wait!
My hair gets tangled with the umbrella rib.
The silly things she did often
made me feel hopeless.
Let's go.
But sometimes she is really funny.
Let me go.
She is so interesting.
I can't help following her.
When I came round,
she had dragged me
out of my quiet
and cold world.
Come on in.
Hmm.
It's cold outside.
It seems you can be happy
no matter what happens.
I began to feel things from her perspective.
I found that no matter
how serious the matter was,
she could handle it in a wonderful way.
It starts now.
Does it look like fireworks?
Look at the glorious fireworks
I set off for you.
Take it.
Point it at me.
Press it.
Have a try.
Press it again.
Alright.
However,
I am boring and dismal.
(Bipolar Disorder: Genetic Risk 41.1)
I am not
qualified
to have her.
We need to break up.
I thought I would return
to my quiet and cold world at worst.
But I didn't expect that
without her,
I would be like an island.
From all directions,
the biting sea wind poured in while moaning.
It turned out that my world
could be emptier
and colder.
(Voice Memo
Sweet Voice Print)
You are holding my hand too tight.
Listen to me.
When other students went home
after graduation,
their parents were unwilling
to let them leave again.
However, I have been home
for less than half a month
before my dad urged me to leave
and to come back for job hunting.
He said that
based on my capability, I would be starved
working as a full-time writer.
Am I so bad at writing?
I am going to have my second book published.
Sir,
hurry up a bit, please.
The gym of a friend of ours
is about to open today.
We will miss the auspicious timing
if we don't hurry.
OK.
Luckily,
she is willing
to bring me back to the noisy
human world again.
It is a great honor
to have so many family members
and friends here today
to witness
the most important day of my life.
Today is the first day
for Xinglu Gym to open business duly.
Starry, starry sky!
I will be with you all the way.
I hope everybody
can enjoy workout.
As the boss, I declare formally that
anyone obtains a membership card today
can get a discount of 30%.
Isn't it wonderful?
Bravo!
Come on, cut the ribbon!
Come on!
Three!
Two!
One!
Cut!
(Xinglu Gym)
♪Crinkling your eyes, you smile sweetly.♪
♪The way you run to me is lovely.♪
♪Your mouth corners are upturned.
Your smile is remarkable.♪
But sometimes, I can't help feeling
the world is too noisy.
♪Summer isn't more romantic
than the moment I met you.♪
♪Have I shown you romance or warmth?♪
♪My love for you stands the test of time.♪
♪I believe in eternity because of you.♪
♪I would risk my life to protect you,
my source of courage.♪
♪You give me a sense of security
by being at my side.♪
♪I love everything you have given me.♪
♪Together, we make a sweet love story.♪
Mister, don't be so asocial.
OK.
♪Sunshine falls into the wind's arms.♪
♪A breath of sweet air drifts over.♪
♪Since the day I met you,♪
♪I have learned that a view is only fine
when you are part of it.♪
♪Taking in your feelings quietly.♪
♪Perhaps a step back should
be taken to get closer.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪You will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go in the future,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪
♪I would be happy to see you happy.♪
♪He tolerates my willfulness.♪
♪Thank you for building
a pure friendship with me.♪
♪I will find love eventually.♪
♪How lucky I am to know you while I'm young.♪
♪You leave me with wonderful memories
to be remembered.♪
♪Wherever you go tomorrow,♪
♪I will stay with you
and support you until the end.♪